Zhou Hai, this time I want to make Jiang Cancan disappear completely
Birthday cake for your mom
OK
This is our first birthday with Mommy
Are you sure you want to wait until Mommy comes home?
Turn it on?
I endure
Everyone. Yeah.
Daddy, you are the most romantic man in the world
Mommy will definitely be pleasantly surprised by this
Touched flowers and tears
You kiss your ass again
You can't eat this cake either
Daddy is like a worm in my stomach
I can't hide anything from you
Delicious cake I really want to bite you
Daddy
When are you going to tell Mommy who you are?
Daddy Doudou
I can accept that you are anyone
But it can't be Gu Zhenting alone
He's still very prejudiced against me.
Can't tell him yet
Hey, I'll be there soon.
Hello menu